# ETHICAL-PRACTICES-AROUND-THE-PROCEEDS-OF-AI
ETHICAL PRACTICES AROUND THE PROCEEDS OF AI.
This part will divided into two phases of the story;
-Part one; the first part will be the short story of my relationship with fox (for readers that have not gone through it and for easy understanding of this second part, which is;
-Part two; the “eucatastrophe” part of my journey with fox and individuals all over the globe collectively agrees on more ethical practices around the crucial role of fox and accepting its adoption.


Part one.
-The first part will be the short story of my relationship with fox (for readers that have not gone through it and for easy understanding of this second part
FOX IS ALL I NEED!!!
Growing up for me wasn’t normal like every other kid in my block, maybe I would probably say that my parents would win an OSCARS for the world busiest parents. My father, Mr. Reuben is a mechanical engineer and a passionate entrepreneur who runs a company that provides engineering services, including prototyping, research and development. But before my father went into running his own company, he was able to achieve success by getting quality education when he obtained both his bachelors and masters degrees in mechanical engineering sand production technology at the most prestigious university in my city and later Considered completing postgraduate study such as the Master of Engineering (Robotics and Mechatronics) in which he spent two years of study. He is always passionate about creating what he called a “near human-like thinking and cognitive machines” that would make life worth living for mankind especially the future generation. 
	My mom is a professional banker, she majored in accounting during her university years and she is very dedicated and passionate too about her career, which I strongly believe is the major reason why the current financial institution that she works for, don’t want to let go of her regarding her years of experience in the system. According to her, she was retained during her internship in the financial institution and since then, she’s been working for financial institution till this day. 
	Having these amazing personalities as my parents was a gift from above because I wouldn’t have asked for more. They made sure that I had everything I wanted and all the support that I needed but one thing in particular was lacking, you guessed right! I didn’t get the much attention I needed from my parent as a kid because of their work schedules and engagements which is why I want  to share my story concerning my very good “robotic friend”  FOX.  According to my dad, in his days in school when he started thinking about life during marriage and having kids he knew full well that due to the nature of his would-be career and the one of my mom that it would be difficult for them to keep up with the daily activities of their children, so from there on, he started thinking of way to create an artificial intelligent machine that would record and attend to most the of the need of their children when they are away from home. He had three major plans on how he wants the machine to operate, function and interact. Firstly, he wanted a robotic that would interact in human-like manner. Secondly, a robotic that would record mainly audio conversation with anyone that interacts with it. And lastly, a robotic that would record virtual activities taking place in the house when they are gone and also be able to access it in the devices any where they are.
	All the plans set out, my dad was able to build my only friend “FOX”, and that’s what he called it. The amazing thing that FOX did for me was making my childhood amazing and full of happy memories, all the built in devices that my dad installed in it covered about 73% of my parents void. The amazing thing about fox is that I can interact with parents through audio and virtual means from anywhere they are by clicking just few buttons on fox just as my dad instructed me to do whenever I come back from school and needed their assistance. Consequently, through that virtual system they where able to monitor my activities and movement around the house and call me back to order whenever I’m about to get myself into danger. I can vividly recall a scenario that I was about pulling my mom’s computer system from the desk in which she normally works from home with, coincidentally, my dad was watching and had to drop a voice note message immediately and fox interpreted it and called me back to order. So many incidents and events that fox helped me out with even up to this moment. For the past few years, fox makes sure that I stay up to date with all of my activities in school, waking me up as early as possible, my piano class, basketball training, and other reminder in which I had previously inputted in the system and forget to attend to it. And whenever I feel like talking about something I talk to fox and technically relating it to my parents which they might end up giving me advise or finding a possible solution to my problem like when I had  my first fight in school with my classmate, George. 
	My life with fox is at another whole new level though people used to look at me as a “weirdo” for the fact that I don’t keep friends and they know nothing about fox because it is always inside the house but practically I don’t think I need any friend(s) now, just having fox around keeps me focused and disciplined and also gives the ability to attend to most of my set out activities even when I forget that I had such an event coming up.
Keeping up with school activities was not difficult for me, fox reminded me of my classes and assignments that are due for submission and in situation in which I find something difficult I Can easily relate it to my parents and they will help me out with it. My father installed so many school rhymes like, the Old MacDonald had a farm, ten in the bed, ten green bottles, if you are happy and you it, Mary had a little lamb, row row row your boat, London bridge is falling down and so many others and also mathematical problems in it, which I can play to gain knowledge about a specific problem.  My basketball activities is interesting because each day I come back home I had to record my daily progress when I communicate with fox like my daily 2points, 3points, rebounds, blocks, and so many more. And each time I forgot about my little milestones I can easily refer to fox for clarification.
Fox technically was like my nanny when I was growing up, though it has its own limitations but that didn’t seem to affect my relationship with it because those technical issues was easily taken care of by my dad just like a pet is been taken care of by a veterinary doctor but the only funny thing is that I once asked my parents why they don’t feed fox? I guess I was looking up for my buddy!  My experience with fox is something I can’t just express in few words because I think I need a book for it. Fox as my friend and companion will surely help me achieve my goals and aspirations in life and the most amazing aspect of it, is that fox helps me out without any interior motives or self interest even when I get too rude to it.




Part two.
-The “eucatastrophe” part of my journey with fox and individuals all over the globe collectively agrees on more ethical practices around the crucial role of fox and accepting its adoption.

Our home had a balcony that was attached to my parent’s bedroom and mine through a big glass doors in each of the rooms. On that faithful Thursday afternoon, I just came back from my basketball training and felt so tired and exhausted that I couldn’t even move a bone when I got home  because of the intense training that I went through, I just drooped “dead” on the couch and slept off, unaware of the danger that was about to happen.  Just what felt like few minutes, only for me to be waked up from sleep by my father, the cops and most of our neighbors and I was like what just happened. Fortunately, I was saved by fox from a harmed intruder. How did it happen? From the video that I watched which was recorded by fox, the intruder made in to the house through the back door of the house, the intruder moved quietly and creeping in a manner that he didn’t want to be seen, probably he thought that nobody was home. He managed to broke into the house with the help of the massive metal weapon that he had in his possession and fox noticing the unusual noise and movement decided to focus in that direction where it was coming from, I guess the intruder thought that fox was a “piece of art work” in the mechanical sense knowing who my father was but little did he know that fox was more than he could ever had imagined. Fortunately, fox was able to transmit a panic alarm to my dad and he had to check what was going on but only for him to discover an unusual visitor in the house through the visual system and he quickly called the police and he too started making his way back home with my mom. Consequently before he could get home, my mom was already there and the police had already surrounded the house and all the neighbors in our block were out wondering what was going and why the police had come to our house. 
The intruder looking out through the window on the sound of the police siren, with panic horridly made his way out through the backyard in which he was forcefully taken down by one of the cops that came to our house. And my parents rushed in to check if I was okay knowing full well that I was supposed to be at home by then but they didn’t hear from me, only to search and saw me sleeping on the couch which only heaven knew why the intruder didn’t notice me or probably he ignored me because I was deep asleep. My father thinking that I was lying unconscious quickly woke me up that’s  when I realized what just happened. Neighbors wondering on how my parents was able to know about breaking in of the intruder, Asked my dad how they knew about it since he said they had no security camera in the house, my dad had to tell them everything about fox and how it operates, functions and interacts and also that with the help of fox they have been able to keep up with my daily activities whenever they are out for work and also in cases like the event that just occurred. So many people were amazed by the innovation of my dad and were clarified on the secret behind my attitude and discipline even when my parents are not around, I still manage to do most things all by myself.
This made my dad to share the video footage on his social media handles and he got massive responses and likes form people all over the globe, to the point that the video was shared up to 2million times in different platforms which made so many parents to start asking for a robot like fox for their kids at home and fortunately, parents that still spend more time at home also requested for it because of the educational aspect of fox and so many other interesting features that might benefit their kids even if they still at home with them.
This event turn out to be something massive for dad and his company for the fact the people around the world now recognize the ethical practices of fox in terms of its operations, interactions and functions in assisting mankind and making life worth living for the current generation and the ones to come and consequently, they also accepted the adoption of  an artificial intelligent machine like fox because certainly it would help to meet the needs of most parents and also especially their children education and discipline, in terms of keeping to time and attending to their daily activities. However, parents would now have the opportunity to monitor the activities of their kids even when they are far away from home and also be able to tell them what to do in difficult situation and responding when the need be, by transmitting everything through an artificial intelligence like fox.
Now, my dad and his company will surely be considering visiting SHARK TANKS to satisfy the massive demands of the world most sorted after artificial intelligent!!!




